hi buddy hi a little bit of putty yeah
don't forget it
let's see a funny
hey
is more yeah yeah yeah bird yeah yeah
yeah yeah
how's it going any good actually look
some good looking good about to bang up
the bag after burning
made this is differently a different
process that I usually do this
particular piece this opening here this
window is going to have the screen from
behind like the other windows in the
grill area around the subwoofers but I
made it out of really thin let's pinch
masonite so no matter how much I would
brace this if I would try to stretch
cloth on this and like I normally would
do to fiberglass apiece I would distort
it i watch how obviously because you
know there's really no way to to adhere
to it just kind of temporary things
really but with the tape when I put the
tape one I do it in a manner that it
doesn't warp anything and there's a lot
of flex in the tape and you know you do
you're going to get a lot more wrinkles
doing it this way but I did it hello
which means I can you know putty and
build up the surface and and then sand
it like I normally would and see the
resin and putty mixture that I used with
the fiberglass strands does not stick to
the even the back side of the tank
this is really the only problem it could
happen doing this is that the resin will
sometimes go underneath and it's not a
real big deal I'll just hit that with
some coarse sandpaper with my mini da
and that'll come right off as well as
these runs the little hop of the few
high spots with this basically extra
step and taking the care that I did
peace and say fits fits right in no
warpage because you would you know you
always get more pinch that's when you
get a little to none that's why I do it
that way if you're wondering
and then I have for lunch I have I
brought in today with barbecue sauce
just barbecue sauce Matt you know what
I'm having for lunch today human flesh
oh that's right I'm not supposed to say
that online at huh I forget that
sometimes Society has so many rules I
hate it
Oh